docs: add dependence of example (#213)
actix/actix-website: content/docs/request.md

this handler. It is also possible to accept arbitrary valid json object by
using `serde_json::Value` as a type `T`.

Example of `JSON Request` depends on `serde` or `serde_json`:
```toml
[dependencies]
serde = "1"

[dependencies]

> serde_json = "1"

Reviewer: why 2 dependency sections?

Author: I made a mistake.I was trying to say `manual.rs` depends on `serde` and `serde_json` ,and  `main.rs` depends on `serde`.

```

> If you want to add default value for a field, you could refer to `serde`'s [document](https://serde.rs/attr-default.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add default value for a field, refer to `serde`'s [documentation](https://serde.rs/attr-default.html).
```
